## Update The below mentioned issue has been resolved in the main rust library, and the gui application using the library. These Python bindings have not yet been updated, but I hope to soon.

## UPDATE 2025-08-21: The solution for getting the MERs to restore with newer versions of FT Application Manager appears to have been solved. I've proven it manually, but I need to do a bit more testing, and finish making code changes. Look for a new release soon that resolves this issue.

## UPDATE 2025-03-13: If you are running a newer version of FT View / Application Manager or the Patch RollUps restoring runtimes "fixed" with this tool, no longer restore. They will continue to restore with older versions of FT View, although I'm not sure exactly at which version, or patch rollup things changed. See [Issue #7](https://github.com/Vadoola/ab_versions_rs/issues/7) for more.

This library is for getting the version number and locked/protected status from files generated by Rockwell Software's FactoryTalk View.

Right now it can get the version number from MER and APA files generated by FactoryTalk View ME, as well as tell you if they are locked, and strip the protection.

It might work on APA files generated from FactoryTalk View SE, but I have not tested this or looked into it fully.
At some point I plan on testing that, as well as adding some support for other Allen Bradley / Rockwell Software file formats, such as the newer APB files from FactoryTalk View SE.

This library is simply python bindings to the main library written in Rust which can be found [here](https://github.com/Vadoola/ab_versions_rs)
